Headless CMS: fix links and typos (#983)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/headless-cms/2-setting-up-the-headless-cms.mdx

### Step 3 - Checking your changes

> 1. Access the VTEX Admin using the workspace you created earlier by navigating to the following path: `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/admin`. Ensure to replace `{workspace}` with the designated workspace name and `{account}` with your VTEX account.

Reviewer: Instead of "earlier", I think it would be better to refer to the specific section / step where the workspace was created.

> 1. Access the VTEX Admin using the workspace you created earlier by navigating to the following path: `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/admin`. Ensure to replace `{workspace}` with the designated workspace name and `{account}` with your VTEX account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the VTEX Admin using the workspace you created earlier by navigating to the following path: `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/admin`. Make sure to replace `{workspace}` with the designated workspace name and `{account}` with your VTEX account.
```

> 1. Access the VTEX Admin using the workspace you created earlier by navigating to the following path: `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/admin`. Make sure to replace `{workspace}` with the designated workspace name and `{account}` with your VTEX account.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Access the VTEX Admin using the workspace you created [Step 2 -Syncing your changes](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-2-setting-up-the-headless-cms#step-2-syncing-your-changes) by navigating to the following path: `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/admin`. Make sure to replace `{workspace}` with the designated workspace name and `{account}` with your VTEX account.
```
